c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe.config
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.pdb
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.g.resources
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.exe
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.pdb
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\yobit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\wpfAgregarCliente.g.cs
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\wpfMantenedorCliente.g.cs
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\BibliotecaClases.dll
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\Bibliotecacontrolador.dll
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\BibliotecaClases.pdb
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\Bibliotecacontrolador.pdb
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\wpfAgregarCliente.baml
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\wpfMantenedorCliente.baml
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\wpfModificarCliente.g.cs
C:\Users\yobit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\wpfModificarCliente.baml
C:\Users\yobit\Desktop\OnTour\Vista\bin\Debug\Vista.exe.config
C:\Users\yobit\Desktop\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.exe
C:\Users\yobit\Desktop\OnTour\Vista\obj\Debug\Vista.pdb
